docs: Updates to GeoMap panel doc (#90769)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/index.md

![Markers Layer](/static/img/docs/geomap-panel/geomap-markers-8-1-0.png)

> ![Markers Layer Options](/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/geomap-markers-options-11-1-0.png)

Reviewer: The image is quite large when I look at it in preview so I've swapped out a regular markdown image line with a figure shortcode so we can control the size.
```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/geomap-markers-options-11-1-0.png" max-width="350px" alt="Markers layer options" >}}
```

> - **Data and Location mode** configures the data setings for the layer. For more information check [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data** and **Location mode** configure the data settings for the layer. For more information, refer to [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).
```

![Heatmap Layer](/static/img/docs/geomap-panel/geomap-heatmap-8-1-0.png)

> ![Heatmap Layer Options](/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/geomap-heatmap-options-11-1-0.png)

Reviewer: The image is quite large for the page
```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/geomap-heatmap-options-11-1-0.png" max-width="350px" alt="Heatmap layer options" >}}
```

> - **Data and Location mode** configures the data setings for the layer. For more information check [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data** and **Location mode** configure the data settings for the layer. For more information, refer to [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).
```

### Options

> - **Data** configures the data set for the layer. For more information check [Data](#data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data** configures the data set for the layer. For more information, refer to [Data](#data).
```

### Options

> - **Data and Location mode** configures the data setings for the layer. For more information check [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data** and **Location mode** configure the data settings for the layer. For more information, refer to [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).
```

### Options

> - **Data and Location mode** configures the data setings for the layer. For more information check [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data** and **Location mode** configure the data settings for the layer. For more information, refer to [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).
```

The Network layer is currently in [public preview](/docs/release-life-cycle/). Grafana Labs offers limited support, and breaking changes might occur prior to the feature being made generally available.
{{% /admonition %}}

> The Network layer renders a network graph. This layer supports the same [data format supported by the node graph visualization](ref:data-format-supported-by-the-node-graph-visualization) with the addition of [geospatial data]({{< relref "#location-mode">}}) included in the nodes data. The geospatial data is used to locate and render the nodes on the map.

Reviewer: What's the page that you're linking to in the first link?

Author: Yes I created that one last week :)

Reviewer: Is this the page and heading you're referring to? I have to add the link in the front matter of the page for the reference to work:
https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/visualizations/node-graph/#data-requirements

Reviewer: Oh sorry, I didn't see it when I looked in the front matter.

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/screenshot-grafana-10-1-geomap-network-layer-v2.png" max-width="750px" caption="Geomap network layer" >}}
{{< video-embed src="/media/docs/grafana/screen-recording-10-1-geomap-network-layer-from-node-graph.mp4" max-width="750px" caption="Node graph to Geomap network layer" >}}

### Options

> - **Data and Location mode** configures the data setings for the layer. For more information check [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data** and **Location mode** configure the data settings for the layer. For more information, refer to [Data](#data) and [Location mode](#location-mode).
```
